README.md, before:

# KaonOscillations_tmLQCD
This repo contains the work of my MSc thesis in theoretical physics. The aim is to evaluate Kaon oscillation matrix elements (i.e. three points correlation functions) throught the insertion of a complete set of 4-quarks dimension-6 operators. This could be useful to derive some parameters connected to BSM physics effects within the K-Kbar oscillations.
References about operators, about the work already done and about tecniques:

# Kaon Mixing and dimension-6 four-quarks operators
- https://arxiv.org/abs/1207.1287 *Kaon Mixing Beyond the SM from Nf=2 tmQCD and model independent constraints from the UTA*
- https://doi.org/10.1140/epjc/s10052-018-6002-y *Non-perturbative renormalisation and running of BSM four-quark operators in Nf=2
 QCD*

# Simulation Settings
- https://arxiv.org/pdf/1411.3982.pdf *Simulation of QCD with Nf = 2 + 1 flavors of non-perturbatively improved Wilson fermions*

# Twisted mass
- https://arxiv.org/pdf/hep-lat/0101001.pdf *Lattice QCD with a chirally twisted mass term*
- https://arxiv.org/abs/1107.1441
- https://doi.org/10.1051/epjconf/201817513018
- https://doi.org/10.22323/1.396.0258

# Open boundary conditions
- https://arxiv.org/pdf/1105.4749.pdf
- https://arxiv.org/pdf/1206.2809.pdf
- https://arxiv.org/pdf/1608.08900.pdf
- https://arxiv.org/pdf/1701.05502.pdf
- https://arxiv.org/pdf/1702.01035.pdf

# O(a) Improvement of Wilson fermions and Schroedinger functional
- https://arxiv.org/abs/hep-lat/0611020
- https://arxiv.org/pdf/1008.4857.pdf
- https://arxiv.org/pdf/hep-lat/0306014.pdf
- https://arxiv.org/pdf/hep-lat/0407002.pdf

Contacts: rosiemanuele99@gmail.com, rosi.1812180@studenti.uniroma1.it

![Kaons are beautiful!](kaon.jpg "Kaons oscillatoions")

Commit message:

adding existing files to repo

README.md, after:

# KaonOscillations_tmLQCD
This repo contains the work of my MSc thesis in theoretical physics. The aim is to evaluate Kaon oscillation matrix elements (i.e. three points correlation functions) throught the insertion of a complete set of 4-quarks dimension-6 operators. This could be useful to derive some parameters connected to BSM physics effects within the K-Kbar oscillations.
References about operators, about the work already done and about tecniques:

## Kaon Mixing and dimension-6 four-quarks operators
- https://arxiv.org/abs/1207.1287 *Kaon Mixing Beyond the SM from Nf=2 tmQCD and model independent constraints from the UTA*
- https://doi.org/10.1140/epjc/s10052-018-6002-y *Non-perturbative renormalisation and running of BSM four-quark operators in Nf=2
 QCD*

## Simulation Settings
- https://arxiv.org/pdf/1411.3982.pdf *Simulation of QCD with Nf = 2 + 1 flavors of non-perturbatively improved Wilson fermions*

## Twisted mass
- https://arxiv.org/pdf/hep-lat/0101001.pdf *Lattice QCD with a chirally twisted mass term*
- https://arxiv.org/abs/1107.1441
- https://doi.org/10.1051/epjconf/201817513018
- https://doi.org/10.22323/1.396.0258

## Open boundary conditions
- https://arxiv.org/pdf/1105.4749.pdf
- https://arxiv.org/pdf/1206.2809.pdf
- https://arxiv.org/pdf/1608.08900.pdf
- https://arxiv.org/pdf/1701.05502.pdf
- https://arxiv.org/pdf/1702.01035.pdf

## O(a) Improvement of Wilson fermions and Schroedinger functional
- https://arxiv.org/abs/hep-lat/0611020
- https://arxiv.org/pdf/1008.4857.pdf
- https://arxiv.org/pdf/hep-lat/0306014.pdf
- https://arxiv.org/pdf/hep-lat/0407002.pdf

---

# Repo organization
The simulation code is into the folder <tm-obc-QCD>.

---

Contacts: rosiemanuele99@gmail.com, rosi.1812180@studenti.uniroma1.it

![Kaons are mixing!](kaon.jpg "Kaons oscillatoions")
